docs: add langfuse section in readme (#374)
kyma-project/kyma-companion: docs/langfuse.md

# Configuring Kyma Companion for Langfuse

> We support the following [configurations](../config/config-example.json) for [Langfuse](https://langfuse.com/docs) in the Kyma Companion:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Langfuse in Kyma Companion, you must configure the following parameters:
```

   ```json
   "LANGFUSE_HOST": "<Your Host>",
   "LANGFUSE_SECRET_KEY": "<your secret key>",
   "LANGFUSE_PUBLIC_KEY": "<your public key>",
   "LANGFUSE_DEBUG_MODE": "<True/False>",
   "LANGFUSE_ENABLED": "<True/False>",
   ```

> The `LANGFUSE_HOST` is the host address of your Langfuse instance.
> The `LANGFUSE_PUBLIC_KEY` and `LANGFUSE_SECRET_KEY` can be retrieved from your Langfuse instance. You can learn more about this in the following sections.
> With `LANGFUSE_DEBUG_MODE` we will hide the content of user interactions with the Kyma Companion in the Langfuse traces to prevent privacy issues in any production environment. The default value is `False`.
> Finally, with `LANGFUSE_ENABLED` you can enable or disable the Langfuse integration. The default value is `True`, so you have to set it to `True` if you want to be able to see the content for development work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where

* The `LANGFUSE_HOST` is the host address of your Langfuse instance.
* The `LANGFUSE_PUBLIC_KEY` and `LANGFUSE_SECRET_KEY` can be retrieved from your Langfuse instance.
* With `LANGFUSE_DEBUG_MODE` you can hide the content of user interactions with Kyma Companion in Langfuse traces to prevent privacy issues in any production environment. The default value is `False`.
* With `LANGFUSE_ENABLED` you can enable or disable the Langfuse integration. The default value is `True`. Set it to `True` to see the content for development work.

For more information, see the [`config-example.json`](../config/config-example.json).
```

> # Deploying Langfuse Locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploying Langfuse Locally
```

> ## Set Up Redis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set Up Redis
```

  "REDIS_PORT": "6380",
  ```

> ## Set Up Langfuse Locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set Up Langfuse Locally
```

6. Go to **API Keys**, and choose **+ Create new API keys**. Copy the `Secret Key`, `Public Key`, and `Host`, and paste them as values into your Kyma Companion's `config/config.json` for, **LANGFUSE_SECRET_KEY**, **LANGFUSE_PUBLIC_KEY**, and **LANGFUSE_HOST**:

  ```json
  "LANGFUSE_HOST": "https://localhost:3000",
  "LANGFUSE_SECRET_KEY": "<your secret key>",
  "LANGFUSE_PUBLIC_KEY": "<your public key>",  
  ```

> # Deploy Langfuse on Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploying Langfuse on Kubernetes
```
